hey guys what's up back with another
video and today we're taking another
look at my weekly sneaky rotation guys
this has been amazing the support you've
been showing I think we're on episode 48
almost had a year it's been ridiculous
thank you so much for the support if you
could keep on showing the support by
hitting that like button
last week I challenge you guys to with
thousand likes and we smash that so if
we could get a thousand likes again
everyone go mental on that like button
that would be greatly appreciated but on
Monday we wore or I wore we didn't wear
the nike lebron 11 USA on tuesday
beautiful day outside me my girlfriend
went out to there's a school across the
street for me and played some soccer my
lack of ball control skills are
showcased beautifully there yeah i'm
pretty bad at soccer i used to be a bit
better stopped taking it as seriously
and sort of transitioned into basketball
as my main sport and my skill sort of
diminished i really want to get back
into it though sort of get back on the
format i used to be in when i was in
middle school and moving on to wednesday
i wore the nike lebron twelve heart of a
lion the next three days i completely
forgot to record so i just filmed them
later on in my kitchen but these things
are amazing like best not the best the
one i wear and friday is actually the
best the second best i will say
lebron 12th colorway uh these just I
haven't really been feeling the LeBron
twelve colorways so when there is one
that I like I just really like it
because there's like such a disparity
between the good ones and the bad ones
in my opinion like these are amazing and
there's some that have just been very
lackluster so the heart of the line
colorway is what I wore on Wednesday on
Thursday went to the Y with my friend
went to Boston Pizza after that you guys
probably don't know what Boston Pizza is
I think that is exclusively Canadian
which is weird because Boston right but
yeah go figure but I wore the converse
Times John Varvatos weapon in the red
chili-pepper color I can never figure
out how to wear the tongue on these if I
have them sticking out like that it
looks dumb in my opinion if I don't have
them sticking out like I'm putting them
back in now they always flop to the side
and look weird but I love these things
how they look beat up before
you even wear them amazing idea the
leather quality is amazing and just
overall a nice looking pair of shoes on
Friday I guess we're on I wore the Nike
LeBron 12 data this is my favorite
cutlery hands-down favorite color with a
little brown 12 so far I think it would
be a struggle to try and top these these
are just perfectly done in my opinion
the black the little hits a color given
that perfect amount of pop on the shoe I
got these for well below retail too so
everything turned out perfectly with the
shoe the colorway at the price the
comfort on them they fit me perfectly
just a beautiful shoe in the LeBron well
did if you guys haven't found these or
even thought about buying these I would
definitely recommend going and looking
around your mall because they're
probably still sitting on shelves on
Saturday I was really really really
really really really really dusty
outside on Saturday so I was like if I
wear any type of nice shoes there's
gonna be dust stuck in them for the next
17 and a half years so I decided to wear
these guys right here which you guys
well know I do not care about it all I
don't even know what they're called but
probably only gonna be wearing these
like maybe once maybe twice more before
I retire them for the rest of the year
but wrapping things up on Sunday I wore
the Nike Air Max Plus tuned one in this
black and silver colorway Comfort on
these is beautiful
had my first basketball playoff game on
Sunday yes we did win so semi finals
next week but thank you for watching
guys that's gonna wrap up this rotation
hit that like button if you're new hit
that subscribe button until next time
peace